despicable
Let me go and I'll disarm you
I'm afraid you'll go out later and hurt Gao Xiaoyun
I've settled on you now
Locked your power
You are no longer a threat to Gao Xiaoyun
As for intelligence?
You can slowly judge despicable and shameless people
I will definitely avenge this revenge
Do you still want revenge?
How can you avenge junior brother like this?
So you like this one?
If you like exotic things
I can dress like that too.
I, I, I was in a fight just now
Ah yes yes yes
The kind that hits the hotel, right?
Are the children about to be typed out?
No no no
At a loss, I was afraid that you would be hungry and bought you something to eat
I'm so affectionate
Senior sister, if you don't believe me, you can adjust the monitoring.
Misunderstood
You rascal
Let me go! Don't move
I'm not responsible for falling.
Be honest and wait for me here
Do you hear me?
How dare you wait for me?
Little bodyguard, stop swaying
Our competition began to guard the bamboo pole
Which of the four of us do you want to send you on your way today?
The four of you go together
Save time